Kill him for me
Who dares to stop
Kill together
Not good is a fairy law
Are you still alive this time?
Xu Qu mortals dare to contend with the gods
This sentence back to you
Repelled the escort with a discount
It's not true.
This is a god, am I an immortal?
who is he?
Just a few ants practicing qi
Dare to make this in front of our family
What's the matter with you
Get up and kill him
This man's palace is above us
We're not rivals.
Aren't you immortals?
Don't worry
Notify the Grand Preceptor
Summon immediately
Is this Immortal Aunt?
No wonder the Lord can't lie down on this escort
If I had known you had such a great person around you
I wouldn't have to worry so much.
Don't come here.